Descriptions fix (#426)
primer/design: content/components/avatar.mdx

---
title: Avatar

> description: Avatar is an image that represent a user or organization at GitHub.

Reviewer: “at GitHub” feels unnecessary here, but I don't feel strongly either way.

```suggestion
description: Avatar is an image that represents a user or organization.
```
